feature(docs): add glossary to Falco website (#1029)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/syscalls.md

---
title: Syscalls
id: syscalls
date: 2023-07-17
full_link: https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/syscalls.2.html
short_description: >

>   Syscalls are for system calls, the way to communicate with the kernel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Syscalls stands for system calls, a way to request a service from the running kernel.
```

aka:
tags:

> - fundamental

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fundamental
- event source
```

---

> Syscalls are for system calls, the way to communicate with the {{< glossary_tooltip text="kernel" term_id="kernel" >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Syscalls stands for system calls, a way to request a service from the running {{< glossary_tooltip text="kernel" term_id="kernel" >}}.
```
